Note in CONTRIBUTING.md re. unsupported platforms (#93343)
elastic/elasticsearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

worth investing the substantial effort needed to review them. This especially
includes changes suggested by tools.

> We also normally immediately reject PRs which target platforms or system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We normally immediately reject PRs which target platforms or system
```

Reviewer: Nit - removing "also" so this paragraph stands alone a little better.

configurations that are not in the [official support
matrix](https://www.elastic.co/support/matrix). We choose to support particular
platforms with care because we must work to ensure that every Elasticsearch
release works completely on every platform, and we must spend time
investigating test failures and performance regressions there too. We cannot
determine whether PRs which target unsupported platforms or configurations meet
our quality standards, nor can we guarantee that the change they introduce will

> continue to work in future releases. It would be a very bad experience for our

Author: Sure, makes sense. This wording is what we have in the internal docs.

> users if Elasticsearch suddenly stopped working on a particular platform after

Reviewer 2: Maybe a tad less pointed...

```suggestion
- It would be a very bad experience for our users if Elasticsearch suddenly stopped working

+ We do not want Elasticsearch to suddenly stop working
```
